Can I take my fiancee away now?
Hey come come come
Must come
Father-in-law
Wife, let's go
Don't you think it's a good son-in-law?
Let's go! He can't go!
What do you mean?
I just want to take my wife and father-in-law away
He's just a waiter
Why do you have my face?
He and the Street Fighter Club Nine Kills
Solve it yourself
Let's go
Even if he has crossed the river in Duniposa, don't worry about him
go go
Sling, now you're dead
Kneel down and talk to me now
My parents never made me kneel in this world
Even heaven and earth can't make me kneel
What are you?
Also deserve to make me kneel
What did you say boy
What did I say?
Are you deaf?
I advise you to get out of here before I kill you
Otherwise, wait for my people to come
You will die without a place to see
Pardon me?
Who are your people?
He said he had energy
Also called someone
He also said that you can face it with a wrench, right?
A waiter can yell at someone
Call a bunch of waiters
Haha die of laughter
Lao Tzu has been serving the world for decades
I've never heard of anyone calling a waiter like this
To kill me